Lyra + GASP reusable movement and equipment baseline

Open Open-Traversal.cmd with Unreal Engine 5.8.3 installed. Press Play in
L_TraversalGym. Rifle, pistol and shotgun pickups are beside the player start.

Controls
  WASD / mouse: move / look
  Shift: sprint; Ctrl: walk
  C: crouch, or start a momentum slide at sprint speed; C again exits
  Space: jump / contextual hurdle, mantle, climb or vault
  E: pick up the weapon named by the on-screen prompt
  G: drop the active weapon into the world
  Tab: cycle the three inventory slots
  Left mouse: fire; hold right mouse: raise weapon and aim; R: reload
  Q: switch shoulder and weapon hand
  F: shove; V: tackle; B: takedown (face a nearby, ready character)
  T: enter ragdoll / request get-up; Space also requests get-up while ragdolled
  Gamepad: left/right sticks move/look, left shoulder sprint, right shoulder walk,
  bottom face button jump/traverse, right face button crouch/slide, left face
  button pick up, left special button drop, D-pad up cycle, D-pad down reload,
  right trigger fire, left trigger aim.
  Top face button (Y / Triangle): switch shoulder and weapon hand.
  Gamepad physical actions: right stick click shove, D-pad left tackle,
  left stick click takedown, D-pad right ragdoll/get-up.

Physics and character interactions
The playable Lyra/CMC pawn now has a Physics Control component using the UE 5.8
sample's PCA_SandboxCharacter profile. Passive ragdolls simulate the source UEFN
mesh and retarget to the visible character. Fast falls enter ragdoll automatically.
The camera follows the body. Get-up requires settled motion, walkable ground
and room for the standing capsule; Pose Search selects one of four get-up
montages, blending from a snapshot of the physical pose.
Pose history includes both hands so the get-up search sees their grounded positions.
Recovery aligns the chosen animation's pelvis to the grounded body and rebases
the snapshot into the upright mesh without moving the bones. A smooth 0.45-second
blend hands off to the get-up, bypassing locomotion root offsets and foot planting.
The blend follows elapsed game time so extra network animation updates cannot
advance it several times in one frame.

F/V/B request a server-authoritative multi-character motion match. The server
validates range, facing, visibility and both participants' availability, then
queries the sample's shove/tackle/takedown databases with Attacker and Victim
roles. Both animations use the shared match and the sample's motion-warping
alignment. The victim ragdolls after shoves/takedowns; tackles ragdoll both.
Input cannot start another traversal/slide or interaction during these actions.
Weapons are hidden and fire/reload are blocked until the action/get-up finishes.

Two training partners near the starting pickups automatically request get-up
after three seconds. They remain available for repeated practice. The normal
locomotion profile is kinematic. During ragdoll, Physics Control and physics-asset
pose motors and the flail loop are disabled. Rotational damping on all limbs helps
gravity, collisions and joint limits settle the body. After a quiet grounded
interval, the whole ragdoll can sleep without disabling simulation; impacts wake
it normally. Passive body modifiers stop ticking after their initial application.
Normal damping is restored when recovery starts.
The server replicates action selections, alignment and recovery. Ragdoll limbs
simulate locally, with server pelvis corrections; poses are not deterministic
across machines. High-latency/loss and dedicated-server qualification are separate.

Combat death
Weapons damage the actual gameplay pawn through Lyra's health/ability system.
Players share team 0; training partners use team 1. Friendly players do not
damage each other in this gym. Fatal damage cancels abilities and held weapon
inputs, stops movement and enters permanent ragdoll. T/Space cannot revive a dead
character. Death during a paired action releases the surviving participant.
After three seconds, players respawn through Lyra with full health and cleared
action state. Their PlayerState and ability system remain the same. Every carried
weapon drops once with its current ammunition; the new pawn starts unarmed.
Training partners are replaced at their original stations after the same delay.
The HUD shows current health and a respawning message while dead.

Shoulder and hand switching
Q or the top gamepad face button moves the camera to the other shoulder and
transfers the weapon between weapon_r and weapon_l over 0.35 seconds. The visible
weapon animation branches mirror carry, aim offsets, firing, equip and reload
poses for the left hand; locomotion and ragdoll/get-up retain their original pose.
The left grip also corrects the mirrored wrist's roll so weapon sights stay up.
Firing pauses during the hand transfer and can resume when it finishes. Traversal,
physical interactions and death block switching. Camera obstruction checks stay
active throughout the move. Shoulder choice replicates to the other players;
a newly spawned pawn starts on the right shoulder.

Visual overrides
Open /Game/Widgets/GameAnimationWidget as an Editor Utility Widget. Its Visual
Override buttons select Echo, Twinblast, Kellan, Manny, Quinn or the UE4 mannequin
during Play. Click the selected button again to return to the baseline Manny.
The selection also applies when the next play session starts. This debug setting
is shared by the sample's override managers; it is not a per-player skin menu.
In multiplayer the server selects the visual class and replicates it to clients.

Appearance changes preserve the gameplay pawn, inventory and weapon animation
instance. A persistent Manny mesh evaluates carry, aim, hand switching and weapon
montages, including reload notifies. Selected Manny/Quinn meshes follow its pose;
other characters retarget it with Manny-source IK assets. Equipment attaches to
the selected body's hand, accounting for different hand bone axes. Face, hair
and clothing continue to follow the character's own modular setup. The hidden
animation source keeps ticking, including during physics and recovery.

After native builds and the other baseline authoring extensions, run
Scripts/Extend-VisualOverrides.py through Send-Editor.py with Play stopped. It
connects the sample manager to the visual catalog under Lyra's game mode and
authors the shared retarget setup. Test-VisualOverrides.py exercises the actual
widget buttons, both aiming hands, firing and changing appearance during reload.
Test-VisualOverrides-Network.py checks all six choices on host/client pawn views.
Test-VisualOverride-Regressions.py runs these checks, Kellan get-up continuity,
Twinblast network interactions and the full combat/movement regression suite.
See resources/VisualOverrideValidation.json for the tested build and regressions.

Slide behavior
The BaselineCharacterMovement component derives from Lyra's movement component.
It integrates existing momentum with slope gravity, drag and limited steering,
using CMC's walking floor sweeps, collision response and crouch clearance. Input
does not continuously accelerate a flat-ground slide. Low speed ends the slide
in crouch; releasing crouch respects overhead clearance. Falling or traversal
ends the slide. The source slide animation has root motion disabled so velocity
is controlled by the movement component. Custom saved moves carry the slide
request for CMC network prediction, and the presentation state is replicated.

Defaults are editable on the inherited character movement component:
  Minimum starting speed 550 cm/s; entry boost 100 cm/s; exit speed 180 cm/s
  Maximum speed 1,400 cm/s; braking 180 cm/s^2; drag 0.15/s
  Gravity scale multiplier 1.5; steering limit 40 degrees/s
The added slide test lane is centered around X=-700, Y=-4600; its ramp is 15 degrees.

Equipment behavior
The player controller owns Lyra inventory, quickbar and weapon-state components.
The pawn owns one Lyra equipment manager. Items equip real Lyra ranged weapon
instances, actor meshes and fire/reload ability sets on the PlayerState ASC.
Pickup requests validate distance and world visibility on the server. A full
three-slot inventory rejects another pickup. Dropping removes the equipped
abilities/actor and creates a physical world pickup with a snapshot of every item
stat stack. Picking it up restores those stats, including an empty magazine.
The world pickup can outlive the controller that dropped it.

Manny's animation graph retargets the GASP source pose, then layers Lyra weapon
poses, pitch/yaw aim offsets and weapon montages above the spine. The upper body
follows the aiming direction while the lower body keeps its traversal/slide pose.
The weapon rests in a separate looping arm carry when neither aiming nor firing.
Only the arms are layered in local space, so GASP keeps its normal head, neck,
spine, breathing and movement. Relaxed carry does not use a downward aim offset.
Aiming blends into the full upper-body weapon pose; firing raises it promptly
and keeps it ready for 0.65 seconds after release. Aiming/firing also drives
GASP's foot-turn animations, starting at 35 degrees of facing difference. The
weapon overlay follows the animated root, with standing torso yaw limited to
65 degrees while the feet catch up (85 degrees during a slide).
Sliding permits aiming and firing. During climbing, vaulting, mantling and other
parkour actions the weapon is hidden and firing is blocked; it reappears with its
equip animation when the action finishes. Weapon GAS montages use the visible
Manny mesh; traversal still uses the GASP source mesh. ShooterCore's assets and cues are
used directly; Lyra's feature registration supplies the cue paths, while this
experience supplies its own component and input setup. PlayerState creates the
single health/combat attribute-set pair; the baseline grants no duplicate sets.

Create another project
  python Scripts/New-BaselineProject.py C:/Development/Game/MyNextProject --name "My Next Project"

The destination must be new or empty. The exporter copies independent source
and asset files, creates a fresh project ID, and excludes binaries, caches,
Saved data, Git history and the original game's root design/art documents.
In the new folder, run Scripts/Build-Editor.ps1 with PowerShell's process-local
ExecutionPolicy Bypass, then Open-Traversal.cmd. Install Git LFS before adding
the copied Unreal assets to a new repository.

Existing Lyra module and CRTraversal integration identifiers remain stable so
serialized asset references survive copies. Generic new runtime code lives in
src/Source/LyraGame/Baseline and assets in /Game/Baseline. Engine and original
sample versions are recorded in resources/IntegrationLock.json.

Build and maintain
  powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File Scripts/Build-Editor.ps1
  powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File Scripts/Open-Traversal.ps1 -Automation

Scripts/Extend-Baseline.py authors the baseline assets and gym fixtures using
the editor. For a clean sample bootstrap in the original workspace, run the
existing bootstrap/configuration/gym authoring steps first, then this extension.
Run Scripts/Extend-PhysicalInteractions.py afterward to configure Physics Control,
the source animation recovery blend, standalone get-up database, actions and
training partners. It is safe to rerun with PIE stopped.
Then run Scripts/Extend-CombatShoulder.py to configure mirrored weapon animation,
shoulder inputs, the death ability and combat restrictions. Run it after rerunning
either earlier extension so their copied weapon assets retain the combat setup.
Finally run Scripts/Extend-VisualOverrides.py to configure the widget's visual
catalog fallback, persistent animation source and selected-character retargets.
It is not necessary to bootstrap samples again in an exported project.

Validation
resources/CombatShoulderValidation.json records combat death and hand switching.
Test-CombatShoulder-Regressions.py starts with PIE stopped, then runs independent
sessions for both weapon hands, combat death/restarts, the get-up/parkour suite,
left-handed slide shooting and two-player combat/shoulder replication.
Test-CombatDeath.py fires the real rifle at a practice target and applies Lyra
damage effects to check deaths during locomotion, ragdoll, get-up and paired actions.
Test-ShoulderSwap.py checks camera side, actual weapon attachment, muzzle direction
and upright orientation, plus ammunition conservation through mirrored reloads.
resources/PhysicalInteractionValidation.json records the UE 5.8 integration.
Test-PhysicalInteractions.py checks mapped paired actions, passive physics bodies,
ragdoll/get-up phases, collision restoration and weapon hiding/restoration.
Test-PhysicalBoundaries.py follows it in the same single-player session and checks
range, facing, obstruction, dying targets and a fast fall. Neither test uses a
replacement movement pawn. Test-PhysicalInteractions-Network.py runs separately
in two-player listen-server PIE and checks requests from both owners, remote
animation phases, get-ups and server pelvis corrections.
Test-RagdollSettling.py measures a full quiet second of limb speeds and drift
within four to eight seconds after ground-level and high-speed falls. It checks
Physics Control and physics-asset motors, impulses and low-ceiling rejection, and
verifies T/Space get-up and restored weapons/collision. The passive-ragdoll fix
and its targeted regressions are recorded in resources/RagdollSettlingValidation.json.
Test-GetUpContinuity.py measures visible/source bone movement at recovery start,
ground clearance and the return to locomotion across four landing setups.
Test-AutoGetUpContinuity.py checks the training partner's automatic recovery,
including the post-physics update order of the source and visible meshes.
Test-GetUpRegressions.py runs continuity, settling, paired actions, boundaries,
the traversal gym and automatic recovery in a fresh standalone PIE session.
resources/GetUpValidation.json records the recovery correction and its regressions.
Run Test-TraversalGym.py in a fresh session, or before toggle-based walk tests;
Test-Baseline-Carry.py intentionally changes the source character's walk toggle.
Its comparison reference now evaluates after physics, matching the visible mesh.

Test-Baseline.py runs mapped-input equipment and slide checks in an active PIE
session. Test-TraversalGym.py verifies locomotion and four traversal types.
Test-GymCamera.py verifies look and camera retraction. Test-GymRestarts.py runs
ten Play/Stop cycles starting with PIE stopped. Run one script at a time through
Send-Editor.py; result files and captures are saved in Artifacts for that copy.
The validation manifest records exactly which scenarios have been exercised.
Test-Baseline-Aim.py starts with fresh one-player PIE and checks rendered muzzle
alignment and mapped aiming/firing during slides for all three weapon types.
The aim/slide update and parkour hide/restore results are recorded separately in
resources/AimSlideValidation.json. Test-Baseline-NetworkAim.py checks the visible
aim direction on an observing client in two-player listen-server PIE.
Test-Baseline-Stance.py checks lowered carry, firing without aim, release, and
standing/crouched turns with measured foot lifts and bounded torso rotation.
resources/WeaponStanceValidation.json records the stance update and its
regression checks, including replicated aim press/release from host and client.
Test-Baseline-Carry.py compares relaxed head/spine rotations to an unmodified
retarget during idle, look, walk and crouch. RelaxedCarryValidation.json records
the carry correction, superseding the downward aiming pose in the stance update.
Test-Baseline-Boundaries.py follows Test-Baseline.py in the same session and
checks full inventories, distance/visibility rejection, walls and low ceilings.
Test-Baseline-Network.py requires two-player listen-server PIE and the helper
functions loaded by Test-Baseline.py. It checks client equipment transactions,
fire and reload replication. Network movement under latency/loss, dedicated
servers and packaged builds still need downstream qualification.

Project-specific combat balance, opponents, mission rules and custom character
art belong in downstream projects. The GDD's remaining game-mode rules and
packaged performance acceptance gates are separate from this baseline setup.
